Wiki Museu do Ipiranga - Com que roupa eu vou?
Describe the objects used and the garments of the people depicted in the works of the Museu do Ipiranga collection.
Your contributions will spread over a series of internet pages, such as collaborative books, image libraries and even the Wikipedia!
Browse the Museu do Ipiranga collection by one of the categories
Choose one of the images in the category
Log in to your account by clicking the Login button and grant the necessary permissions for edits using Wiki Museu do Ipiranga - Com que roupa eu vou?
Identify the elements of the image and select the type of declaration you want to add: Wears (for clothes) or Uses (for used objects) and click Add to insert the information
woman
dress
shawl
shoes
hat
flowers
Search for terms to describe the people depicted
Select one of the terms and add the declaration
Your contribution is registered and within a few minutes can already be seen in Wiki Museu do Ipiranga - Com que roupa eu vou?
Wiki Museu do Ipiranga - Com que roupa eu vou?
Organization: User Group Wiki Movimento Brasil and Museu do Ipiranga
Partnership: Banco do Brasil Foundation
Support: University of São Paulo and University of São Paulo Support Foundation